Shorthand and longhand styleguide entry (#1891)
web-platform-dx/web-features: docs/guidelines.md

For example, prefer "The feature reads…" over "The feature is used to read…"
([#727](https://github.com/web-platform-dx/web-features/pull/727#discussion_r1537635981))

#### longhands and shorthands

> In CSS, use the terms "shorthand" and "longhand" to describe the relationship
> between CSS properties that combine multiple properties into a single
> declaration and the individual properties.

Reviewer: Contrasting with what not to do would be cool, here I think.

Also, I'd been using [sembr](https://sembr.org/) in this file, or at least one-sentence per line. I don't feel strongly on that point though.

One thing is left unanswered: should I use "longhand properties" or "longhands". I think I prefer the former, but I'd like to know whether I am alone in this. 😅 

```suggestion
Prefer the terms "shorthand" and "longhand" to describe the relationship between CSS properties that combine multiple properties into a single declaration and the individual properties.

Avoid the phrase "constituent properties" for longhand properties, even though this is common on MDN Web Docs.
```

Author: > One thing is left unanswered: should I use "longhand properties" or "longhands". I think I prefer the former, but I'd like to know whether I am alone in this. 😅

I added a bit of clarification here-

Avoid using these terms without the word "property", so prefer "The `text-wrap` CSS property is a shorthand" over "The `text-wrap` CSS shorthand", and "It is a longhand property of..." over "It is a longhand of".

I think what matters is that shorthand and longhand don't replace the word "property" but rather clarify the type of property, but we don't need to say "*hand property" in that order, necessarily.

For example, prefer "The feature reads…" over "The feature is used to read…"
([#727](https://github.com/web-platform-dx/web-features/pull/727#discussion_r1537635981))

#### longhands and shorthands

Prefer the terms "shorthand" and "longhand" to describe the relationship between CSS properties that combine multiple properties into a single declaration and the individual properties. 

> Avoid using these terms without the word "property", so prefer "The `text-wrap` CSS property is a shorthand" over "The `text-wrap` CSS shorthand", and "It is a longhand property of..." over "It is a longhand of".

Reviewer 2: Some formatting helps parse this sentence:

```suggestion
Avoid using "shorthand" and "longhand" without the word "property":

* Prefer "The `text-wrap` CSS property is a shorthand" over "The `text-wrap` CSS shorthand".
* Prefer "It is a longhand property of" over "It is a longhand of".
```
